Thousands of roads and a common destiny
Peugeot 207 compact presents this street
207 is the street phone tub in dogs
from the street very good morning we have the
counted minutes because I'm with
higuaín that is not giving a note to
nobody is just going to greet us
minutes we are like a tip
because the only thing that does not touch the
training for gonzalo anda consul
cayetano when you've wanted a good day
still good at least important
On the street, good tub, take care of a living room
how good the truth that I imagine
excited not every time you come here
for the selection yes the truth that yes is
very happy and good I always say that
I come is a pleasure to see the country and with
this of the selection also
to the positive of seeing your friends and
family that you can not see constantly
in Spain so that's also what
good good this
we are talking about the pipita higuaín that
he stays for a while to chat with
us and street peeing is fine
we have a friend in common with him
your brother
I wanted to ask you pipe because the other
day the classic was played no less
barcelona real madrid that generates
a lot of expectation around the world
not only in Spain with the knowledge
here we look at it full as if it were a
Argentine soccer game entered
then and then it ended up being
an this one almost personal duel not between
messi and ronaldo 10 rare joys you have one
of privileges that have very few
that be partners the two bags
Messi companions in the selection their
fellow ronaldo Christian in the
real madrid this and I'm going to bother with
the question is clear answer equal
I'll accommodate you with the question if
the answer is clear not speak no
I just said but almost is it clearly
do not
if you tell me the answer is spoken
I did not ask the question
the answer is clear I do not do the
question and we consider that it is better to
the two media reality is clear and
for me that I already said it is a privilege
what colander
please it 's a privilege to play with the
two and I will not go into comparisons
never then with any player
will coincide with the same time and they are two
monsters I am very happy please
personally with account me better
personally when I always try
to be fine with everyone I am a
person that I do not like to have the
conflict and well well I put myself in
place of asked you and a hug
big thank you silver